Battery	1	Raises power of teammates' Special moves.	7
Battle Bond	1	Transform into Ash-Greninja after causing opponent to faint.	7
Beast Boost	11	The Pokémon boosts its most proficient stat each time it knocks out a Pokémon.	7
Berserk	1	Raises Special Attack when HP drops below half.	7
Comatose	1	The Pokémon is always asleep but can still attack.	7
Corrosion	2	The Pokémon can poison Steel and Poison types.	7
Dancer	4	Copies the foe's Dance moves.	7
Dazzling	1	Protects the Pokémon from high-priority moves.	7
Disguise	1	Avoids damage for one turn.	7
Electric Surge	1	The Pokémon creates an Electric Terrain when it enters a battle.	7
Emergency Exit	1	Switches out when HP falls below 50%.	7
Fluffy	2	Halves damage from contact moves, but doubles damage from Fire-type moves.	7
Full Metal Body	1	Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.	7
Galvanize	3	Normal-type moves become Electric-type moves and their power boosted.	7
Grassy Surge	1	The Pokémon creates a Grassy Terrain when it enters a battle.	7
Innards Out	1	Deals damage upon fainting.	7
Liquid Voice	3	All sound-based moves become Water-type moves.	7
Long Reach	3	The Pokémon uses its moves without making contact with the target.	7
Merciless	2	The Pokémon’s attacks become critical hits if the target is poisoned.	7
Misty Surge	1	The Pokémon creates a Misty Terrain when it enters a battle.	7
Neuroforce	1	Powers up moves that are super effective.	7
Power Construct	3	Changes form when HP drops below half.	7
Power of Alchemy	2	The Pokémon copies the Ability of a defeated ally.	7
Prism Armor	3	Reduces damage from super-effective attacks.	7
Psychic Surge	1	The Pokémon creates a Psychic Terrain when it enters a battle.	7
Queenly Majesty	1	Prevents use of priority moves.	7
Receiver	1	Inherits an ally's ability when it faints.	7
RKS System	1	Changes type depending on held item.	7
Schooling	2	Changes Wishiwashi to School Form.	7
Shadow Shield	1	Reduces damage when HP is full.	7
Shields Down	2	Changes stats when HP drops below half.	7
Slush Rush	4	Boosts the Pokémon’s Speed stat in a hailstorm.	7
Soul-Heart	1	Raises Special Attack when an ally faints.	7
Stakeout	2	Deals double damage to Pokémon switching in.	7
Stamina	2	Raises Defense when attacked.	7
Steelworker	1	Powers up Steel-type moves.	7
Surge Surfer	1	Doubles Speed during Electric Terrain.	7
Tangling Hair	2	Contact with the Pokémon lowers the attacker’s Speed stat.	7
Triage	1	Gives priority to restorative moves.	7
Water Bubble	2	Halves damage from Fire-type moves, doubles power of Water-type moves used, and prevents burns.	7
Water Compaction	2	Sharply raises Defense when hit by a Water-type move.	7
Wimp Out	1	Switches out when HP drops below half.	7
